%1$s version %2$s
Usage:
  java -jar %1$s [OPTIONS] -e SEARCH_ENGINE tuples.txt

  For each query string (word/phrase or combination of words/phrases) in input
  file (e.g. tuples.txt), this script returns all the pages that matched the
  query on a search engine.

  Currently the only supported search engine is Bing.

  To use this script with the Bing Search Engine you'll need a Bing Search Key.
  At the time of writing, you can obtain a free demo key that allows you to
  submit a limited number of queries per month (the free query will be valid
  only for a limited time).

  For more information see the documentation section of the official BootCaT
  website:

  http://bootcat.dipintra.it/

  Other search parameters can be specified using the options described below.

Options:

    -a, --available-sources
        This option is no longer supported.

    -c, --count
        Maximum number of URLs returned per query, default value is 10, maximum
        is 50.

    -d, --doctype
        Print list of supported file types and quit (see -t option).

    -e, --engine
        The search engine to use. At the time of writing the following search
        engines are supported:

        bing    the Bing search engine (requires a key, see -k option) version 7
        bingv5  the Bing search engine (requires a key, see -k option) version 5
        yacy    the free Yacy search engine (does not require a key), this is
                the default search engine

    -h, --help
        Print this information and quit.

    -k, --key
        Your Bing Search Key (this is only required if you select Bing as your
        search engine).

    -i, restrict-to-domain
        Restrict search to a single Internet domain (e.g. .it, wikipedia.org,
        .com, .co.uk etc). You can combine this with the -u option, for example:

        -i .org -u wikipedia.org

        searches only the .org domain but excludes wikipedia.org.

    -l, --language-name
        Promote search results in the specified language. You need to provide
        the exact language code (i.e. en, en-US). See the -n option.

    -n, --names
        Print the list of supported languages and quit.

    -p, --adult
        Specify the level of filtering of sexually explicit material, possible
        values are "Off", "Strict" or "Moderate" (default).

    -r, --license
        This option is no longer supported.

    -s, --source
        This option is no longer supported.

    -t, --type
        Restrict the results to only a specific file type (use -d option to see
        the list of allowed values). You can specify only one value.

    -u, --exclude-domain
        Exclude the specified Internet domains, you can specify multiple
        domains separating them with a comma (with no extra spaces). For
        example, if you want to exclude youtube.com and ebay.com use:

        -u youtube.com,ebay.com

        This option can be combined with -i for fine grained searches.

    -v, --version
        Print version number and quit.

    -x, --exclude
        Exclude the specified file types, you can specify multiple
        file types separating them with a comma (with no extra spaces). For
        example, if you want to exclude DOC, DOCX and PDF files use:

        -x doc,docx,pdf

        This option cannot be combined with -t.
